I'm Peppa Pig. This is
my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
New Shoes!
Peppa and George have been
playing in the garden.
Peppa, Where are your shoes?
Oh, I've lost them.
Well, I'm sure We can find them.
Maybe We should try the garden?
Yes!
Everyone is looking for
Peppa's shoes.
Mummy Pig is looking
in the flowerbed.
Peppa's shoes are not there.
Oh!
Daddy Pig is looking
in the Wheelbarrow.
Peppa's shoes are not there.
Oh!
Peppa and George look
in the flowerpots.
Peppa's shoes are not there, either.
Oh! Oh!
We've looked everywhere,
but We can't find Peppa's shoes!
Peppa's shoes are lost.
Now I haven't got any shoes
to Wear.
Poor Peppa. Your shoes Were
getting a bit old...
We'll buy you a new pair!
Can my new shoes be red, Mummy?
Of course, they can.
George! I'm going to have
new red shoes!
Mummy Pig and Peppa are
at Miss Rabbit's shoe shop.
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
Hello, Mummy Pig.
We Would like to buy some new
shoes for Peppa, please.
Red Shoes!
Oh I'm sure We can find you
some Iovely new shoes, Peppa!
Red ones, please.
Of course, red ones.
Wow! New red shoes!
George and Daddy Pig are
playing draughts.
Oh, Well done, George.
Daddy! Daddy!
Look at my new shoes!
They are red!
I say! They are red.
Mummy, do you like
my new shoes?
Yes, Peppa, they make you
look very smart.
George, do you like my new shoes?
Everyone likes Peppa's new shoes.
I like my new shoes so much.
I don't Want to ever take them off.
It is bath time.
Peppa Wants to keep her
new shoes on,
even for her bath.
Peppa is in her pajamas.
She still has her new shoes on.
Peppa even Wants to Wear
her new shoes in bed!
Peppa, are you sure
you don't Want to take your shoes off?
I don't Want to ever take
my new shoes off, Mummy.
Very Well. Goodnight, Peppa and George.
Goodnight, Mummy!
Goodnight, Daddy
Goodnight, my little piggies!
It has been raining all night
and now the garden is very Wet.
Mummy Pig is Wearing her boots.
Daddy Pig is Wearing his boots.
George is Wearing his boots.
Peppa is still Wearing
her new red shoes.
George is going to play
in the Wet grass.
Oh, dear. Peppa loves
playing in the Wet grass,
but she doesn't Want to get
her new shoes Wet.
I can't play in the
Wet grass, George.
Oh.
George loves jumping in
muddy puddles.
Peppa loves jumping in
puddles,
but she doesn't Want
to get her new shoes muddy.
Oh.
Mummy and Daddy love jumping
up and down in muddy puddles!
Everyone likes jumping in muddy puddles!
Where is Peppa going?
Peppa is putting on her boots!
Wheeeeee!
lf you jump in muddy puddles,
you must Wear your boots!